um so if you remember last time I didn't
quite get to them to the slides last
time so I'm just going to cover them
very quickly so last time I talked about
a bunch of nice ways to handle exposure
bias and other problems that we get from
training models simply I had there's
also a couple simple methods that you
can use to fix your problems without
quite as much work um so what what's
wrong with the structured hinge loss
that I introduced last time basically it
it will work in many cases but the
problem is it considers few hypotheses
so if you remember last time just a
refresher for last time I talked about
how the structured hinge loss basically
generates a negative example and then
penalize a set negative example it
doesn't consider all of the words in the
output or it doesn't consider all the
possible hypotheses like maximum
likelihood does this is a common problem
that you'll see in any model that
basically generates something and then
tries to penalize it so there's also
reinforcement learning models
there's minimum risk models that max is
going to talk about later today all of
these models tend to be less stable than
maximum likelihood training so this is
something that you should know before
you try to apply these models they're
not trivial to get them to work even if
they do work well when they do it also
requires decoding so it requires
generating output so it can be slower
than other methods and because of this
it's very very common to resort to pre
training your model using maximum
likelihood and then fine tune it with
these more advanced strategies so in
other words will will first train a
model with maximum likelihood initialize
our model then start with a more
advanced strategy there are other
methods that allow us to get many of the
benefits that we get from these methods
without doing as much work and also they
tend to be more stable even if you start
just by using these one way to do it is
sample mistakes during training but do
it on a kind of local basis there's a
method called dagger which was actually
invented by people here it's also known
as scheduled sampling which mean maybe
people have heard of but basically
they're the same thing
the main difference was Deborah was not
applied to neural networks and scheduled
sampling has a slightly different
strategy has a slightly different
strategy for tuning the rate at which
you schedule mistakes but basically
daggit I think you should probably refer
to it as dagger um so the idea here is
that if we have some sort of output and
we have some sort of we have some sort
of teacher forcing model basically what
we do is every time we do two different
things we calculate our scores using the
same model but when we calculate our
loss function we predict the correct
answer but then when we choose the thing
that we feed back into our network to
choose the thing that we feed back into
our network to make our prediction we
sample something so in other words every
time we might sample a wrong answer and
we feed it back we feed that wrong
answer back into our network and this
makes our network more robust it's also
very good to have a schedule so we have
a schedule where we don't sample any
mistakes we just use the standard
teacher forcing method then gradually as
our model gets better we improve we like
increase the number of mistakes that we
do that's what the schedule means in
scheduled sampling and dagger has a
similar as a similar mechanism base um
here I showed an example where we're
calculating the loss with respect to the
correct tag this is probably a
reasonable thing to do for
something like part-of-speech tagging so
even if you get a bad input you still
want to correct predict the correct tag
next time but it makes a little bit less
sense for it makes a little bit less
sense for machine translations so let's
say we want to generate the dog ran and
for some reason our machine translation
system isn't very good and it skips the
BA and just generates dog or or maybe it
generates dogs maybe it generates the
plural and even if it's a good system it
will do this what this means is if it
randomly samples dogs then the next time
we'll calculate the loss with respect to
dog so we'll basically be telling the
model if you get dogs you should
generate dog next so it's saying dogs
dog ran is the correct answer
so this is this method just kind of
applied as is so will penalize things in
a kind of strange way one way you can
fix this is by creating something called
a dynamic Oracle which basically tells
you what the tells you kind of the best
thing that you could predict next time
so in the case of machine translation
it's not actually super clear but you
could say okay we've already generated
dog so we probably don't need dog again
so next time we should generate
something like ran because that seems to
make more sense in this context umm this
is as I said this is not trivial to do
in empty but it's much easier to do in
something like parsing you can actually
effectively calculate the that's the
best action given your current sequence
another thing you can do is you can this
is even simpler you can just drop out
the inputs to your model so what this is
saying the basic idea is don't input the
previous decision that you made
sometimes
during training so what this means is
instead of doing this we just drop out
the inputs sometimes and we replace it
with a zero vector
so this is called word dropout it could
also be called tag dropout if you are
doing tagging so this this makes sense
it's just saying that you don't always
want to rely on your previous input
because your previous implement iran so
you can you can generate based on
whatever other information
um
then the last one corrupting the
training data actually max is going to
talk about this because it has a good
connection with minimum risk training
which he's also going to talk about but
were there any were there any questions
about these yeah oh so how do we ensure
the sample is incorrect or a mistake we
don't need to actually we can just
sample from the probability distribution
and if it happens to be correct then
that's great that means our model is a
good model already but we're assuming
that our model does make mistakes if our
model never makes mistakes then we don't
need to train anymore we're done
training so the idea is basically we
want to sample according to the mistakes
that the model would make um you could
think about maybe wanting to encourage
the model to make mistakes like the MEK
like the margin based training that we
talked about before then you could
probably smooth out the probability
distribution and make it more likely to
make a mistake by by making the
probability distribution more smooth but
I don't I myself don't know of anything
any methods that do that but there might
be anything else okay um if not this
time we have a guest lecture from Max
RTA
because max has worked on the
of this lecture heavily and it can give
us some details so I will turn it over
to him okay hello everyone I'm max this
class have you introduced their
structure prediction models with local
independent assumptions so as mentioned
in last class so sequence labeling is
one of their typical structure
prediction tasks and today I will also
used sequence labeling as our example
tasks to introduce the models and
methods but I have to mention that the
models and mesh and methods introduced
in this class are not limited to
sequence labeling it can also be applied
to other square structure prediction
tasks so here
here are two classical interview tasks
of sequence labeling one is Patos part
of speech tagging and the other one is
their named entity recognition and for
us tagging we need to protect a sequence
of PS tags man tag for each word and for
any R we need to reuse their Pio tagging
schema to represent their energy
mentions so here we first review some
models introduced in last class for
sequence labeling so the first model is
the one that treat sequence labeling as
they're independent as the independent
classification task
so here it's ler here it's our pictures
to show how this model works so
basically is just predict each tag
independently as mentioned in last class
diagram this model is actually not a
structured model it is that motif multi
class class where the second model
introduced in our class is their so
called locally nominal model so thank
you Sam who is the man in this picture
it is we can call it history based our
own models the basic idea is just we
we have to input their previous tags
into the current state and use that to
help to predict their the current tag
here it's a straw summary of these
models so independent trafficking models
rely on a very strong independent
assumption that is when when they're
given given their input sequence X their
output Y at each petition are in a
mutually independent we can see that is
assumptions it's really really strong
independent assumption something and
usually it is not true in practice
another disadvantage is that independent
classification model cannot guarantee a
ballot or consistent structure outpost
so suppose that we are doing an ER and
we use their Pio taking schemer there is
obvious constraint that there I tag
cannot follow attack so but this but
this kind of independent classic model
cannot model this constraint the second
part of model is the local internet
model after mention that this model does
not rely on any independent assumptions
which make it a really big advantage in
practice but it requires a predefined
order to factorize their joints
dispersion into small factors it is not
a four syllable it is not hard to to
find this kind of order we can do life
to read or we can do read left but for
some other some other structure
prediction touched asked us with more
complex structures like tree or graphs
it is not retrieval trivial to to defend
this order and more were optimal
decoding for for this kind of model is
impossible in
practice and we have to use some
approximating decoding methods like
greedy search album search and at last
this kind of model suffered from the
label pairs problem so and you can any
questions so far
so before I start to introduce the
today's globally yes if you if you think
that there there are no m can encode the
sentence perfectly yes it can capture
all the information you need and to
predict each tag independently first in
practice your is not the case so your
encoder is never perfect back so so
problem from a yeah we had a whole point
of view this is so let's see it was once
it was genuinely ambiguous let's say
let's see there were three good options
for I saw a girl time flies like an
arrow in that case it cannot get earth
it's not guaranteed to get a consistent
it might be something that looks good
so I think if you think that is
deterministic given X than your
someplace your your claim is true but
but it's not determinate deterministic
given X in practice so you can stick
that give me a criminal input sentence
there are multiple trials of their
purest text but one it's their most
popular but others also possible that
it's easier to so machine translation
there are genuine choices there for part
of speech tagging medias so now we have
to ask if we should turn to their
ability nominate model if we can
construct a model that does not rely on
two strong independent assumptions but
also makes their optimal decoding
passports but of these solutions it's
their conditional random fields ok let's
first this let's first review their
global a normalized model basically
globally anomalous model there is Nemo's
global anomalous modem then each output
sequence a score S which is not
normalized over particular decision here
we first defender potential functions
which is just the exponential form of
their score function and so here we
await is Cal CRF from the perspective of
graphic model so there are ugly graph on
the left it's their general form of
of global anomalous model so basically
there is no any there's no independent
assumptions between this model between
the implant by this graph but for
first-order linear zrf which is
represented in the red tab we can see
that from the notation of from the
notation of Brac model their current
dispersion of CRF can be written as
their most allocation of the tango
function at each time step over the
normalizer so I hope you guys know here
so what is the independent assumption
implies they are ass so answer this
question what is their independent
assumption behind CRS know what kind of
condition no no so if you are familiar
with graph models they're independent of
some place given focusing on keeping
base three thereby on their left hand
side are independent with the right on
the right hand side so if given by three
web and when two are independent with
the following parts so okay so now let's
see the form of the potential functions
so generally speaking the motto
eight states three parts their
transition score based under contingent
condition fever function T and they're
still score based their states feature
function s and the pair's
so in deep learning we just replace
their feature functions with their
feature
extracted from some even your networks
so here we can use here to F it's our
future function
which is output of some some your
networks it should be known that from
the general form we need to send a
separated parameter vector to each pair
each pair of their labels so which means
that we have the number of parameters is
the square of the set of tags times the
dimension of the feature
so in fact is sometimes this number is
little bit too large so often is
alternatively we can use the simple
simpler version which is we just assign
a single score to represent the
transition score and this method can
reduce their kind significantly
significantly reduce the number of
parameters and this picture shows how we
can condense pay directional SEM with
CRF the idea is just using using the
hidden state at each time step of the
pipe as M as the feature vector of the
CRF so any question here ok so
in the next section I have used to show
how we can clean the art model and how
we how to decode the output from it so
here in this slide we first put their
formulation of staff here and we can see
that the computer the computation of
their numerator numerator is
straightforward and the difficulty is
only to compute how to efficiently
compute their denominator
CX which is also called the partition
function and a faulty coding we need to
find that the Y that maximize the
conditional distribution so for posts of
these two problems we need to go through
the entire output space of by which goes
in exponentially with the length of the
input sequence but fortunately for CRF
we have very efficient algorithms to
serve them before I introduce the
well-known Viterbi algorithm I want to
first show some to some analysis to get
some instead of this algorithm so here
let's see the computation of their
position function CX we can see that
each label depends on the input or each
potential function depends on the input
and the nearby labels and Cavender
attention to labels others doesn't
matter so if we knew the score of every
sequence from vibin to y and minus one
we could compute easily the score of the
sequence from y1 to yn so we really only
need 2 to know their score of other
sequence ending in each by n minus 1 we
can think of that as you can sing of
that add some some pre calculation that
happens before we think about by n so
based on this analysis we can introduce
the Viterbi algorithm
so we first defender pi t by cuban acts
as the addition of sequence with lands
equal to t and end with label y so their
page so pi he can be expressed as the
summation over other other sequence of
lands by a flat fee minus 1 and times
their potential function at time T
because the Pretender function at empty
only depends on the previous label so we
can put it outside their summation so
can go to the the last the center
function at time T here answer this part
is just pi t he might as well let me get
there
dynamic programming of reserve so
finally there to compute the eggs
we just need to sum over other sequence
of length L ending with all possible way
so the algorithm is really simple so we
use we can use a concrete example to
interpret the basic algorithm suppose
that hear me
it's not the axis lock the X so here so
a quick question here it's like might be
bound to calculate lock yes no not yes
if in practice be you're a directly
directly compute log the X we do not
confuse the X someone that someone know
why we do this it's not their real
reason yes
let the fun yeah because in practice TX
is done sometimes it's pretty large and
it can incur some numerical issues like
take a number of law so we need to
confuse the X along the axis you set up
go to the X so this example is to show
how to be computed locked yes so at
first step we can kill to the score of
the first world meets all possible Q as
pure as labels so the score here it
slurp it's the transition score plus the
state score and in the middle of the
dynamic programming algorithm we need to
enumerate enumerate all possible
pure as tags that previous sequence
ending ways and then the score of the
the score of the current state it's the
summation of the score of previous state
plus their score off of their current
time step here their log some exp
function is defined here it is let me
first take the exponential of X and the
y and plus them together and take the
log when you actually do this in
practice this is what you want to do
yeah but you also actually
take the maximum and we set this equal
to M and then before so when we take the
log to X but we actually do is we
subtract this and the reason why is for
numerical stability problems because if
you actually took the exponent of
excesses you'll end up getting either
infinity or 0 so don't implement your
thing exactly as you'll have the exact
numerical stability problems we talked
about you actually do need to add this
this maximum taking step or if you
expect your number to be very large you
might need to take the minimum maximum
always okay so the final step we just
collect all their scores to compute
their partition function so okay the
previous algorithm is just to show how
to be compute their partition function
and for decoding we can we can use their
similar dynamic programming algorithms
for the decoding and in practice in
order to clean CRF we need to calculate
their gradient with respect to the last
function form a function if we use
anything
then the loss function is just a
negative log record so okay so I put the
extra other expression of their gradient
here so we see that in order to compute
the gradient we need to compute their
expectation of our feature vector with
respect to our with respect to our model
distribution so the algorithm to serve
this one is called field forward or
backward algorithm the basic idea behind
this algorithm is like post their
distribution and the feature vector can
be composed into small small sectors and
they only need to compute their margin
notice the ocean like this so if you are
interested in the details of this
algorithm you can read there you can
read the reference paper but for deep
learning we are very lucky because we do
not need to tutor great internet
ourselves there the tip learning
framework can out automatically to the
tutor gradient class so we do not need
to worry about this and the only thing
we needs to is to compute the loss
function so any question here before I
start the next
okay yes actually
so if you do remember their first class
when Graham described their computation
computational graph then it is
straightforward so we just defined their
gradient of each operation and just
commander the gradient using the chain
rule so actually they do the same they
do their forward backwards them for
yourself or for you so okay the Meher
the same
you have to implement the forward step
but then the E&M framework automatically
does the backward step for you when it
does be okay now let's see how about the
Fiat model works in practice with
history so actually it's but of our
papers published in last year's video
okay the motivation of this work is to
build truly end to end neural models for
sequences every recurring know which
engineering or desired pre-processing so
this model is able to use two levels of
representations so for character level
information they use TN and for world
level we use right directional arrest
yeah so this picture this picture shows
how how the feelin works so we use it
and to extract morphological information
such as prefix or suffix of a given word
so here example we expect that stearin
can can capture the information of the
suffix like ing here and we use a
bi-directional STM to model the root
level information so we concatenate
their character vector and the word
embedding together and use them at the
input to the 1800s TM and on the top of
bi-directional STM we have a CRF model
to model their correlation between the
labels
so here is their training details for
optimization we just used a 3d image
moment term and the linear rate the case
with rate 0.5 after each epoch and we
also applied their tout fini for
parameter initialization we use their
method proposed the garage and vendor in
2010 and so we're in bending we used
their stifle growth pre-trained in
bendings for character be uniformly
sampled their inner interpretation
embedding around the cat 0 or in between
interval around 0 we went to experiments
to embarrass our model so KS taking an
inn yard we see that post seein and CRF
can achieve significant improved over
previous models and interesting is that
CRF helps much more in yards and on POS
I guess the reason is like their label
correlation in an ER it's maybe a
stronger than that in gos because for
any R we used or Pio tagging schema
there appears can spin between them so
you mean delete there yeah yeah that's
just the PST em yeah oh you mean only a
scam possible CRF yeah I did not do that
that's experiment
okay so the next section have you
introduced some masters that consider
reversed during Cheney so at first we
need to figure out what is reward
functions in structure prediction
basically unlike their classical
classification tasks which commonly used
accuracy to evaluate their model
performance instruct prediction we
sometimes have their tasks with specific
evaluation metrics what we called the
rewards so for example we use token
level accuracy for POS tagging and the
use f1 score for we used labeled
attachment score for parsing and we use
coppers level to score for machine
translation so now the question is two
different reward functions impact our
decisions so to make their question mark
here here we have a simple example so
suppose that we have two tasks the data
of the of the teeth are the same so the
data are all sampled from the same
diffusion key and the task is is the
same what we need to do is to protect by
given X that means we need to deliver a
prediction function H that map's X to Y
the only difference here is the reward
functions so here the first one we
evaluate our performance using our bun
and for to using using the report
function out to so if if we think about
the POS tagging the Arbonne can be their
token level accuracy and R 2 can be
sentence level accuracy so now the
question is if the two tasks should have
the same prediction function or not so
anyone who thinks that hy should equal
to h2
and hosting it will be different okay so
the answer is they should be different
and to better understand this we need we
can have a very simple simple examples
to understand this so suppose that we
have two boxes and now a film has money
in it and our task is to predict to
predict which box has money so if we
make the crash correct decision land we
get been meeting otherwise we can 0 and
our predictor says that the probability
that their money is in the red box in
the left box is 0.8 then and our reward
is is there a bottle that is the amount
of money we won't get then in this case
our choice is obvious we need to we have
to choose the left one because we have
their hair probability but now the
setting is a little bit different so if
the money is in their left box and we
pick it let me get my movie if the money
is in the red one it is one TV and our
the predictor still pretty still give us
the same probability that is 0.8 folder
left one and 0.2 for the red one so in
this case which man we should choose so
this can actually be true so left the
red one so that's why that's why the
reverse function can change our decision
and if you are interested in in this
problem you can read some materials
about patient decision theory and you
can get a whole picture of this topic so
any concerns about so far
okay so based on their previous analysis
we know that in order to in order to
achieve better comments with with
respect to the reward function it is
reasonable to consider reverse tyranny
here we lived three measures three
popular measures so the first one is
their necks margin measure which is
first proposed by Ben Tosca in 2004 so
this method is similar to the cost
Augmented augmented hinder lost matrix
which has been introduced background in
last class so this class have you not go
into the go into details of this Nezzer
but I have to mention that this method
does not rely on populistic model and
only the Kooning algorithm is required
so this property makes some sometimes
this property makes this this method
more flexible to be applied to different
models and today I will introduce the
following two methods there are minimal
risk screening and the reward augmented
maximal action hold so the loss of the
MRT is can here it is there it is their
expectation of their negative reward
with respect to their model this fusion
here in the negative reward is also
called risk so that's why this method
called minimal risk training if you have
mirror with really fast maloney
sorry you can send that actually the
loss of MRT is the same with the large
be used in reinforcement learning so
that different here is lack B for mrt-3
directly optimize the loss function
instead of using reinforcement
techniques like grading policy gradient
so there are several advantages for
for MRT first it can do direct
optimization with respect to their
evaluation metrics and it is similar to
the globally dominant models proposed
being proposed by and/or in 2016 and it
can also consider the task victory board
and I think the most important advantage
is like this method this method can be
applied to arbitrary risk functions no
matter our is it's different for not
even though you want to do Antoine
twinny R is not necessarily
differentiable so this property is
really good in practice but there are so
there are also some bad parts and the
most important one is like the
computation of the expectation is
intractable
so to solve this we have to do some
stamping between stop phase
and their last one I want to introduce
is their reward augmented Maxima lecture
the basic idea behind Remo is is is to
randomly sample some incorrect Union
data from the pay of this between Q and
feed them feed and combine them together
and fill them into their email each
winning process so further qts fusion we
can see that it's a hair public
populated to their output Y based better
better reward so here is a picture to
briefly describe how that lives this
model works so this is the inputs input
sentence and this one is this one is the
correct go standard output and we based
on the situation with sample another
incorrect label incorrect output and put
them together
well I'm Mary Cheney from the
theoretical part it can be shown that
Remo is actually to approximately
maximize the reward so if you are
interested in the in the Select coincide
of Remo you can read this to pick these
two papers okay so this is the code code
example but actually has not been ready
yet because because they stole it
another reason that mean so but I feel
wrong to appreciate 2004 sharing across
the app code of you make this code ready
as soon as possible
okay any questions
Richmond sorry if you take the gradient
of this rose your friend led because our
health our eighth notes that part of it
model so if you take the reading of the
clause then you do not need to take an
agreed in the are with with respect to
the brand so I can I can describe the
procedure a little bit more also which
might make it a little bit more clearly
which is basically what you do is you
simple you take your X and then you
sample maybe five different answers or
something like this um which means you
have this space of of samples and let's
call this space of samples s then your
risk here it's written as an expectation
but you can approximate the expectation
by or you can approximate the the
denominator of this by taking
probability of y Y
sir
and this is basically your reward and
then you divide by this and your boss
function is maybe the negative and this
is not differentiable this this can be
anything it can be like blue scored it
can be f measure or something like this
but hearts contribute to the loss
function also in these are parameterize
these are differentiable so based on
that you have a loss function where your
loss function basically affects the
parameters affect the loss function and
you can Det propagate through the
incidence so um yeah that I think
basically the objective is it's the same
I actually was thinking about this
myself as I was listening to this and
but I think the biggest difference here
is that we are not we could basically
use this with a globally normalized
model as well right this minimum of risk
training so we don't have to make
we're not conditioning on individual
decisions that we make where as a policy
gradient model has to basically
conditioned on individual decisions each
time it makes it makes an action I'm not
certain about that and I will talk about
that two classes from now after I have a
chance to take a look um
the biggest difference practically is
this one you definitely have to take
multiple samples and many policy
gradient methods like reinforce if
you're familiar with that you do not
have to take multiple samples you can
just take a single sample so there are
also very practical differences but in
terms of the objective I think they
might be very soon
so when you have a target by this small
is 35 let's go write that we use as a
groans ooh and given prediction then you
just compared the first standard and the
prediction and calculate there may be
some people in South America to get
their reward so I don't know so this
this is actually I think the same
question it's a different way of saying
the same question as before which is
that this is constant right the R is
constant but the other parts of the loss
term are not constant in the parameters
so because of that the other parts of
the loss function are the things that
are resulting in this kind of a the
objective function because the VT the
better but the visions are also like the
data that you are working verified on
whether they are you'll have to Adam or
keynote that's why our domestic
Westerner to the head it's a normal
function
so what is the difference between this
and M le yeah so so there's a very
there's a very close connection between
this and M le and actually M le is
minimum risk training when you're using
the 0 1 loss so the when this is 1
whatever you get the correct answer in 0
whenever you get the incorrect answer
this is the sames next so the only
difference is that you get partial
reward when you don't
[Music]
so that is you you act learn loss here
so this is your score function of Phi in
the neck and you have some here
something like this so that means you
put your you put your loss here that's
right and to redefine the function so
there are some people to analyze the
property as a relation between the cost
augmented CRF with the Bitzer vendors
they are f but I don't think this one is
equal to two this way
I don't think this one is similar to
energy
yeah what a filter between a problem and
Metheny so we had another I think you're
referring to this slide or kind of or so
what is the relationship between which
metric we choose so the question is what
is the relationship between which metric
we choose and like why did we talk about
them in the same section so um I think
the reason why we talked about them in
the same section basically is because
minimum risk training is a way to
consider this wall were while we're
creating our models so if we're just
using maximum likelihood estimation
we're completely ignoring the fact that
we're evaluating on a different metric
so we might get very good likelihood but
we might get bad on that other metric
because there's an interaction between
our model in the metric that we're not
considering in during our training so
very obvious very obvious mistake or a
very obvious thing is let's say we have
a metric that really likes sentences
that are the correct weight like blue
score really like sentences that are the
correct length in machine translation
maximum likelihood on the other hand
likes shorter sentences because shorter
sentences have fewer multiplications in
them so there's this disconnect and it's
important
consider what were actually going to be
evaluated on when we do optimization
which is why we introduced those in the
same section - you'll notice that we
only picked one metric for each of these
tasks in reality there's other metrics
like you could come up with 10 metrics
actually you could probably come up with
a hundred or 200 metrics to evaluate
machine translation and people have you
can also come up with multiple metrics
for a named entity recognition or
whatever if you choose different metrics
you will get a different policy or
you'll get a different model if you
train using minimum rest rating but
you'll still get the same model if you
just by changing the object does that
work in here if you want to implement it
it's why I think used to the code go
into the details of the paper so
actually was it that is because their
computation of the loss functions it's
impossible so the what they did is at
each twinning type step they do a sample
based on the current model and user use
this sample in to approximate their
expectation and then do their update yes
so so simple you can calculate that one
one thing I should mention is this like
most of the other structured prediction
methods is actually very hard to train
properly but I know how so ask me I've
gotten this to work before there are
some tricks I can mention all the tricks
now which is they have a scaling
parameter for the probabilities in their
paper that scaling parameter is very
important the number of samples you
is important whether you include the
correct answer in your sample Seth is
important and also what trainer you use
is important if you just use atom with
the default parameters it will often not
work so if you need to lower the
learning rate or other things so there's
a bunch of tricks if you if you want to
know all of these tricks come to office
hours and I will tell you all these
tricks I don't know with respect to this
particular method but in reinforcement
learning for example I'm going to talk
about this encouraging exploration is
very important so what you mentioned is
a way to encourage exploring different
parts of the space I guess that that
would probably also help here but I
okay so one thing I have I need to
mention is like so for an advantage of
Remo against MRT is like so for mo you
only need to sample from a fixed
dispersion this smoke Q diffusion is
fixed so it does not depend on your
model so it makes the sample something
much easier so if you use MRT you have
to fold for current model you have to
sample from this model and you compute
the current laws and do them up to that
updation then you have updated their
parameters the model expression has
changed and you have to sample from a
different distribution so this process
makes their cleaning somewhat unstable
so you have sometimes you have to use
some rapini measure to initialize their
model which makes this spinning a little
bit harder so so one thing I should
mention
that ramble is a very good choice I
think it's very it's extremely easy to
implement in that you basically it's a
fixed distribution so it doesn't change
you don't even look at your model you
just randomly sample the number of the
errors and according to a numerically
computable distribution and then corrupt
your thing corrupts your your true
answers so this seems to work quite well
according to the maps and others
experiments you can take a look at this
paper there was a there was a mistake in
the paper this has been fixed you mean
they're charging the paper yeah about
the sampling about the sampling
distribution maybe I was a mistaken
equation but paper fix okay well if
you're implementing this apparently
there's a mistake in one of the
equations that's kind of important so
feel free to ask me by proxy all for you
to the correct people for details
so that that's the region so that's why
sometimes people think it's somewhat
when you want to eat this so when is my
ethnic sense
so if you want to know what Henry's my
people and I will give some
yeah I think I don't think there's
anything else I think if you automatic
reverse that means you define a new
regard it's the equivalent here to
determine you regard that the reward is
just there the some of the multiple
regarded there's also more complicated
things where you can try to basically a
couple rewards that are kind of mutually
exclusive and you don't say which reward
is more important you just say you want
both of them to be good and you can
define something called the Pareto front
here which is basically like which if
none if it's not worse than any of the
others then you can optimize towards
that in I think this is interesting so
if anybody's interested I'll be happy to
give the
reference for this its optimizing
machine translation with multiple
objectives or something like that is
what I know and LP there's also lots of
other multi objective optimization
literature but I think in reality what
people do almost all the time is they
create a new weighted reward where you
it's like a new reward function where
basically you add them together and wait
one of them yeah yeah that's that's a
question so currently there is something
different between the case the reward is
calculated based on the Koppers so well
that case maybe believe them more
contact I mean more powerful models but
for current models to be only okay so I
have a good summary of this I wrote a
survey paper called optimization for a
statistical machine translation of a
survey and it has an entire section on
how you approximate the corpus level
reward with sentence level measures
basically the ways you can do it are
either by smoothing your sentence level
reward to make sure that it's not 0 in
the case of blue score or you can keep a
rolling average of basically the rewards
that you've got nothing till now like
this or the statistics you've got enough
to until now and do that in reality I
don't think anybody's tried the latter
one almost everybody just optimizes a
sentence level reward in prepared in
pretends like they're optimizing the
corpus level reward and then they don't
discuss it anywhere in their breakfast
so in neural network land anyway in
statistical machine translation land
people cared about that
there are ways to do this okay so thanks
a lot everybody I thank you for all the
questions because we finished yes okay
thanks